Docs: Updating cloud migration docs ahead of G12 (#103835)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/migration-guide/cloud-migration-assistant.md

# Grafana Cloud Migration Assistant

> The Grafana Cloud Migration Assistant, generally available from Grafana v12.0, automatically migrates resources from your Grafana OSS/Enterprise instance to Grafana Cloud. It provides the following functionalities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Grafana Cloud Migration Assistant, generally available from Grafana v12.0, automatically migrates resources from your Grafana OSS/Enterprise instance to Grafana Cloud. It provides the following functionality:
```

1. Click the **Migrate this instance to Cloud** button.

1. Enter your token in the **Migration token** field and click **Connect to this Stack**.

### Build a snapshot

After connecting to the cloud stack, this is the empty state of the migration assistant. You need to create a snapshot of the self-managed Grafana instance to upload it to the cloud stack.

> 1. Select the checkbox next to the resources you want to migrate to your cloud stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the checkbox next to each resource you want to migrate to your cloud stack.
```

   | Notification Policies | <ul><li>Notification Templates</li> <li>Contact Points</li></ul> |
   | Notification Templates | Nothing else |
   | Contact Points | Notification Templates |
   | Mute Timings | Nothing else |
   {{< /admonition >}}
1. Click **Build snapshot**

   ![A list of resources selected for migration and the Build snapshot button](/media/docs/grafana/screenshot-grafana-12-select-resources.png)

### Upload resources to the cloud

After a snapshot is created, a list of resources appears with resource Type and Status populated with **Not yet uploaded**.

1. Click on **Upload snapshot** to copy the resources to the Grafana Cloud instance.

1. Use the assistant's real-time progress tracking to monitor the migration. The status changes to 'Uploaded to cloud' for resources successfully copied to the cloud.

   The Snapshot information also updates to inform the user of total resources, errors, and total number of successfully migrated resources.

   ![An updates list of resources with snapshots built after attempting to upload them to Grafana Cloud](/media/docs/grafana/screenshot-grafana-12-updated-snapshot-page.png)

>    You can also sort resources at this stage. Click **Name** to sort resources alphabetically, click **Type** to group and sort by resource type, and click **Status** to group and sort by resources uploaded to cloud successfully or that experienced errors.

Author: @mmandrus WDYT about how this is phrased?

Reviewer: Another suggestion: 
**Status** to group and sort resources by upload status (i.e. pending upload, successfully uploaded, or experienced errors)
